I welcome to the stringers world racket
review of the new biomimetic 402 so the
latest range from thumb up it comes in
with a hundred square inch head a
unstrung weight of three hundred and ten
grams a standard length of 77 inches and
a string pattern of 16 x 19 now this is
a all inspired by nature along with the
hop the whole biomimetic range it has
aero skin along along the outside which
cuts through the year an anti-friction
bumper guard guard to read help that
extra bit through there it also comes
with a new side grommet which is
different for stringing so if you are to
track these records and you want to
restring the make sure you check at the
bottom for an S and an ls1 short side
one alongside for the stringing pattern
otherwise you make it fly confused now
that's got a little bit more about the
new technology they've put into the
handle okay well as you can see we're
holding the 400 and 400 tour basically
it's to show that it's got the anatomic
construction on both of them and again
this is inspired by nature it adds a
little bit of extra strength to the core
here and it's combined with the HM 6
carbon material which that's stiffness
of the correct points of the racket
really determines how the racket flexes
now they're both quite stiff racket and
they actually surprisingly plate like
quite stiff racket I really enjoyed both
of them the 300 tour sorry is a little
bit heavier it was a little bit less
maneuverable and it will really be a
personal preference to they both hit
loads of spin from the back of the court
you can also flatten them out I said in
the other review they're very versatile
and I'll stick by that and you do really
get out what you put it the serving with
the tour I actually prefer because it's
got that a little bit extra weight and
you can put a little bit more kick and a
little bit more pace on yourselves
without
she put in as much effort but as far as
we move ability from back to the court I
thought the 401 out now when I
approached the net always struggled a
little bit my foot works not the best
and my hands aren't the best and this
racket really helped me out it's got
this really nice big open sweet spot
it's more of an oval head shape so you
know I don't have to be quite as precise
with where I'm striking the book and the
feel on the rackets great so I could
really found I could drop the ball short
or I could punch a deep without too much
hassle and just basically really helping
out in my bowling game Ben's a lot
better than that so he's gonna give me
some good information well I prefer have
a heavier racket when I'm bowling i want
to feel it a bit more crisp on it and
reap unch through the ball and that's
why I prefer this one as a bit more of
an all-around player trying to my trying
to move forward slightly more often I'm
really looking forward to get the extra
bit of pop and let's just roll in a body
where I can really get the most out of
it and really the most damage with it
now if you are an attacking player and
you look into your forward this may be
choice for you whereas if you're looking
at a slightly more counterpunch baseline
where my motorcycle I to understand that
our house brand new people coming to
three sets now we're both of them i
recommend like I said the other one I'd
recommend them for a while right
people obviously the heavier one it
slightly different more difficult to
play with because as it is heavier you
need to be slightly stronger and have
much more stamina however at only 310
grams you can drop the age group down
sort of 14 year olds moving up all the
way up to us or standard even adding
weight to it for a tour player as you
can tell from both will enjoy playing
with these racquets and thanks for
watching and follow us on twitter